Retire Duplicate Documentation (#4341)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/tutorial/hung_app.md

> The newest documentation is now being maintained at [debug-deadlock](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/debug-deadlock.md). This documentation is no longer being updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newest documentation is now being maintained at [debug-deadlock](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/debug-deadlock). This documentation is no longer being updated.
```
